okay here we go everybody ready for this
this is gonna be fun ready for what
we're about to do here this is a YouTube
video
I'm do this for a long time do you
really we're not gonna do the Harlem
shake my knees will not hold up
my knees will not hold up to the Harlem
shake anymore I'm great
okay so that thing pointing over here MJ
yes perfect okay okay no more excelling
we're here at a clinic in Ocala Florida
and I was just explaining everybody here
that a lot of times training horses we
don't actually ask the horse to do the
thing we wanted to do we ask them to do
something that they can't do without
doing the thing we want to do and I know
that sounds like gobbledygook but I'm
about to use someone sitting at the
clinic here as an example I do this at a
lot of clinics and it really helps
people get the thought process of this
so over here we have Rene so however and
I okay so Rene what I want you to do so
everybody can see how Rene is sitting
right now their posture what everything
looks like
okay so Rene can you stand up for me
then I start director this video you're
right daddy and so can you stand up for
me get that one done see now you can sit
in my name is Dana let's get up yes sir
yeah no no please get up when I get up
right now
thank you yes again no get up yes idiot
pick it up quick please get up I need
you to get up thank you yes okay sit
down yeah get up get up get up
please get up you need to get up I need
you to get up I'm done you're done
all right one more time there'll be a
lot more times now sit down and get up
okay you're not going YouTube it's not
gonna work
yah horses quitters I do minute to never
try that for a minute okay
yeah Renault get up missing him and get
up miss it in now get up miss it in
perfect can everybody see how Renee is
sitting right now Renee is upright she
has some posture okay her weight is
balanced over her feet she's prepared to
sit down or she's prepared to get up
she's what we call in horses collected
okay it's just like I talked about min
ago she's going forward being prepared
to slow down and she's slowing down
being prepared to go forward does that
make sense see I didn't tell her and I
want you to sit up and be prepared to
get up or sit down I want you to sit I
didn't tell her I want you to sit right
on your seat bones with your midsection
all engaged and and your feet on the
ground where you were ready to push up I
didn't tell her that I just had her go
from one side to the other to the other
side the other right now she's perfectly
in the middle ready to do either that
make sense yeah you like getting beat
you with a stick
thank you that can't go on YouTube by
the way I'll have to do it the next
clinic thank you